what's up you guys Ishi gossip later um
today I want to show you how all the
good news I got some shot miss a and
basically I think I got too much they
can do and a little package thing
because this is like $60 or stuff I got
a lot of like timer and concealers now I
want to take their life touch tools out
and show y'all like all my skin tone try
to look good that's why I got so many
like colors who spoke cuz some people
don't be having it right and it look
atrocious like this concealer that I
have on right now this looks bad I don't
think I think this is lipstick this is
the first one that we're going to test
out
it is the color toffee which is freaking
a lot of skin colors but I'm trying to
get as close to then when I wear it now
which is mixed like I think it's Coco's
but this is it
and then on my skin oh it's kind of like
it's kind of like it was all your dollar
so it's not like oh my god this is
taking forever so this this is fun and
this is talking
they look yellow it's like what am I
going to do with these I'm talking to my
things so the next one we have is
expresso and it's how it looks in the
package like fresh so is the goal and
this is what I can do not it's like not
really good like looks hard will look it
will make me look lighter but so all of
these were kind of like basically I got
every girl skin tone on my freakin arm
right now so not saying these are bad
they're really cute they came in cute
little things but not saying these are
bad they're just not my skin's color
I might have to mix them or something
like that to make my skin color so
that's helpful um yeah so I reckon this
these are basically like little glitter
shadows it's top came off but I got this
one cuz like golden stuff back a blue
one yeah rose gold one's got some brow
Pompey I'm probably not gonna use it
look I'm gonna test it out
I'm gonna test it out I just got a lot
of random stuff y'all because I didn't
look this a pink line it's like another
rose going I'm going to show you out
what I'm so excited for at an inbox
because I got you to the next place and
it's basically like the real like stuff
like it's basically the real expensive
high quality stuff that they do for like
real technique like Beauty blenders they
use that and you can get them for a
freakin dollar like just immensely so I
already got like two but I lost one
so I got like I got like a little tease
all I have to look up that will end
another black one because my black line
like sorry I don't know what is wrong
with it but I just was like thrown out a
little freak in excited to use these
look is so cute and it's so squishy
I got a nose drip which I will be doing
tonight
so I won't be doing it on camera I will
most definitely be doing it tonight and
I got these little two masks
I got a hydrating mask one second one
second
I got it got hydrating mask then I got a
little aloe there then I got like a ten
pack of them yeah this mess actual over
here beerus what is your man what is he
going to let those who are not like 14
max I think wait no no I got like 16 oh
I got 16 mask oh I just noticed that
because I got these two from the store
then I got these two and now I have like
all the needs so on these I was pink
lemonade man Cisco smell good I got a
milk mask didn't ever want to do that
even when I did my first haul and I
wasn't doing YouTube I did not want to
do in real Matt but we are going to try
the milk mask we are going to do that
for another thing I'm going to do that B
sounds good they sell anything I'm still
good all over
so far there's no point I don't know
okay let me show you our list so I got
like six more to show off
we got a cucumber mask we have a tea
tree mask
we got a collagen task
we got a Roy Rose Bowl mask this is all
smells so good oh I am so excited to try
this mask because this is going to smell
very freakin good oh I thought so boy
I'm at four days I swear I'm gonna have
so much fun at Cisco serious man put it
back
38:8 Bad Fur Day I got my neck ay ay ay
Oh y'all so freakin excited stickers
from my laptop so I'm going to hunt that
shoot on my freaking laptop and then I
wanted a supreme stickers and the vans
and ends yeah like all these tickets
explain it cool so thanks for watching
follow me on my Twitter and my Instagram
because I be on there I like Oh Oh
sometimes I don't be on Twitter
sometimes I don't be on Instagram like
that because Instagram I have to like if
I go and after I got need to be posting
a picture is growing on my friends too
and this is it uh I don't feel like
doing are there and there is sometimes I
get stuck on the explore page watching
videos like I'd like one more video and
keep going videos just be too good on
instagram i sweating gonna be by the TV
I'm gonna be like girl did you
the video girl girl you see that video
grasa
autumn video girls are many videos today
let's not even talk about it because no
I don't want to that's what we ain't
gonna talk about it anyway I just wanna
say thank you for watching hit that like
button hit that subscribe button
don't hit it on my face because I didn't
put the link on the video but just hit
it just just scroll down to here just
scroll down why are you still watching
this like just scroll down and hit the
subscribe button like this literally
literally is so easy like you could have
done it already you just be a stubborn
at this point like why are you still
watching me
[Music]
don't